Add LED strip light integration for Freebox (#40414)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/freebox.markdown

The first time Home Assistant will connect to your Freebox, you will need to authorize it by pressing the right arrow on the facade of the Freebox when prompted to do so.

> To make the Wi-Fi switch, LED strip control and the reboot action working, you will have to add "Modification des réglages de la Freebox" permission to Home Assistant application in "Paramètres de la Freebox" > "Gestion des accès" > "Applications".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the Wi-Fi switch, LED strip control, and the reboot action working, you will have to add **Modification des réglages de la Freebox** permission to Home Assistant application in **Paramètres de la Freebox** > **Gestion des accès** > **Applications**.
```

> To enable the Wi-Fi switch, LED strip control, and the reboot action working, you will have to add **Modification des réglages de la Freebox** permission to Home Assistant application in **Paramètres de la Freebox** > **Gestion des accès** > **Applications**.

Reviewer 2: Changing from the original "make" to "enable" makes the sentence weird

```suggestion
To make the Wi-Fi switch, LED strip control, and the reboot action working, you will have to add **Modification des réglages de la Freebox** permission to Home Assistant application in **Paramètres de la Freebox** > **Gestion des accès** > **Applications**.
```

Cameras are only available in Freebox V7 (also known as Freebox Delta).

## Light

> The Freebox LED strip on the limited edition Freebox Ultra can be controlled as a light entity. This feature allows you to:

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: model wording + link for context

```suggestion
The Freebox LED strip on the [Freebox Ultra Limited Edition](https://www.free.fr/freebox/freebox-ultra-edition-limitee/) can be controlled as a light entity. This feature allows you to:
```

- Turn the LED strip on/off

> - Adjust brightness levels

Reviewer 2: Grammar nitpick: there's only one brightness level, so it should be singular.

```suggestion
- Adjust brightness level
```

> - Select different visual effects

Reviewer 2: That expression makes sense for french readers, but feels weird. A few alternatives I'd suggest:

```suggestion
- Switch between LED strip animations
```

```suggestion
- Visual effect control
```

> The LED strip control requires the "Modification des réglages de la Freebox" permission to be granted to the Home Assistant application in "Paramètres de la Freebox" > "Gestion des accès" > "Applications".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control the LED strip, you need to grant Home Assistant the **Modification des réglages de la Freebox** permission under **Paramètres de la Freebox** > **Gestion des accès** > **Applications**.
```

### Configuration

The LED strip is automatically discovered once the integration is set up and the appropriate permissions are granted. No additional configuration is required.

> ### Available Effects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Available effects
```
We use [sentence-style capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/text-formatting/using-type/use-sentence-style-capitalization) also in titles
